1.        Basics
a)        Tell me about yourself
b)        Why this company
c)        Why this position / this team
d)        Why leave your last position
e)        Walk me through your typical day at work.
w
2.        Failure
a)        Tell me a time when you failed on something
b)        Tell me a time when you made a mistake
c)        Tell me a time when you received a negative feedback
d)        Tell me a time when you showed resilience
e)        Tell me a time when you didn't meet the expectation
f)        Tell me a time when you took a risk / without approval then you failed
g)        Tell me a goal you didn't achieve

3.        Success
a)        Tell me a time when you succeed / a project you proud of
b)        Tell me a time when you exceed the expectation
c)        Tell me a time when you took a risk / without approval then succeed
d)        Tell me a goal you achieved

4.        Conflict
a)        Tell me a time when you resolved a conflict on your team
b)        Tell me a time when you disagreed with your manager
c)        Tell me a time when you disagreed with your team / peer
d)        Tell me a time when you provided suggestion but had not been considered, what was the impact of it
e)        Tell me a time when you had to go behind your manager's back to do something

5.        Pressure / Challenge
a)        Tell me a time when you handle difficult customer / task
b)        Tell me a time when you were forced to do something you are not familiar with
c)        Tell me a time when you worked under pressure / managed numerous responsibilities / had to multitask
d)        Tell me a time when you overcame an obstacle and delivered the result
e)        Tell me a time when you overcame a challenge
f)        Tell me a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision

6.        Leadership / Relationship
a)        Tell me a time when you helped a peer / other
b)        Tell me a time when you lead a team to achieve
c)        Tell me a time when you earned trust of others
d)        Tell me a time when you motivated others
e)        Tell me a time when you persuaded someone to do something
f)        Tell me a time when you showed leadership
g)        Tell me about a time when you had to deal with a poor performer on your team.
h)        Tell me about a time when you had to convince your team on some design decision.

7.        Responsibility / High Standard / Deep Dive
a)        Tell me a time when your team or company undergoing some change
b)        Tell me a time when you took on something outside your area of responsibility
c)        Describe a time when you were the resident technical expert. What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you?
d)        Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better?
e)        Tell me a time when you improved a process
f)        Tell me about a time when you could have stopped working but persisted.
g)        Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep into the system / data to solve some technical bug / problems.

8.        Decision
a)        Tell me a time when you made a difficult decision / choice
b)        Tell me a time when you made a bad decision
c)        Tell me a time when you made a quick and successful decision
d)        Tell me a time when you took the initiative to deal with something
e)        Tell me a time when you dealt with ambiguity
f)        Tell me a time when you broke the rule
g)        Tell me about a time when you had to take a decision in your project where the complete data was not available
h)        Tell me about a time when you had to make some changes backward because it was impacting your customer.

9.        New ideas, Innovations, Inventions
a)        Tell me a time when you invented/innovated something
b)        Tell me a time when you propose a new business
c)        Tell me a time when you learned something about yourself
d)        Tell me a time when you learned something new

10.        Deadline / Efficiency
a)        Tell me a time when you missed a deadline
b)        Tell me a time when you had to deal with a tight deadline but deliver in time
c)        Tell me a time when you provided a simple solution to a complex problem
d)        Tell me a time you had to be very strategic in multitasks and meet all your top priorities.
e)        Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything moving along in a timely manner?

11.        Frugality
a)        Tell me about a time where you thought of a new way to save money for the company.
b)        Describe a time when you had to manage a budget (or manage time/money/resources/etc.). Were you able to get more out of less?
c)        Tell me about a time when you had to work with limited time and resources / no resource.

12.        Common Follow-ups
a)        What’s your role in this project
b)        What’s your impact in this project
c)        What were the challenges and how you made sure that you finished it perfectly
d)        What did your manager / peer say, how did they like it
e)        What did you do afterward
f)        What did you sacrifice to deliver it and how did you feel
g)        Why did you make that decision
h)        Why did you think that decision was appropriate
i)        Do you think you could have done better
j)        How did you find / fix this problem
k)        How deep did you track down the problem
